He leaned back, the glow overhead casting shadows underneath him and
lighting his face. His eyes closed, he drifted out of reality. Lights
dancing across his eyelids he inhaled slowly and relaxed. Letting all
the muscles in his body soften as he began imagining his desires.

The lightest touch against his lips. The hesitant pressure of her hand
clutching his shirt. Drawing the plain white t-shirt together in her
hand, her body coming down onto his. Lips parted, he raised his head to
find her forehead pressed to his own. Breath hot on his cheek as he felt
her other arm slide behind his neck.

His own hands rising and tracing the lean muscles of her body, he
watched as she arched her back forward to hover over him. Sliding down
to her waist and resting on her hips, his hands warmly clasped her.
Sighing contentedly, their lips came together and their movements began
quickening. Gasping for air a few moments later, they looked into each
other's eyes. A rushed glanced at each other before closing both their
vision and the distance between their bodies.

Pressed tightly together, her hand on his back raked across his skin,
the other hand rising from its clutch on his shirt to rest her palm on
his cheek. Murmuring her name between breaths he lay one of his hands on
top of hers. Cupping the small of her back with the other. Happy, she
pressed harder against him and undulated her hips, shimmying and working
herself up against his responsive body. 

The heavy sound of their breathing filled his ears. Short punctuated
gasps and hushed tones of desire echoed between them. The moans as they
teased each other's erogenous zones with tongue, teeth, and fingers
fighting for space between each inhale and exhale. Her legs, wrapped
around him, unwound to her sides and touched his own. With one hand
winding itself in her hair and other interlocking with her own, he
pulled her gently down on top of him. Their bodies fit together
seamlessly and their lips never parting, they lay together.

The loud sound of a speaker test blasted away the dream. Reality rushing
back in front of his eyes, the rays of the lights above extinguished for
the now-starting movie credits. His eyes focusing onto the screen
slowly, he sighed. From one escape to another, he settled into his seat
and began watching the movie.
