Something brushed under his nose tickling him awake. Sniffing, he
started to move his hand to brush it away but stopped as it bumped into
something warm and soft. Eyes open, a mass of brown hair waved slowly at
him as another cool breeze lifted it towards his face.

Nestling closer, he buried his face into the scented cloud and adjusted
the blanket around his shoulders. A sleepy moan emerged from his
companion and he felt her begin to turn. Lockes of hair shifted and fell
over her face, framing her chin and closed eyes. Eyes half open, he
moved her hair behind her ear.

Her fingers intertwined with his and brought the hand down to her face.
A small peck on the back of his hand and a smile was her first greeting.
She threw a leg over his and pulled herself closer for the second,
holding his hand and bringing her other towards his face. Warm Palm on
his cheek, she kissed him and whispered good morning.

Arms wrapping around him, she squeezed herself closer to him and rubbed
her face against his chest. With a smile he returned the embrace with
gusto. Playfully rocking back and forth and mock yelling, the pair
laughed and kissed. Slowly their light hearted affections turned more
vigorous, and their passions more intense. The swift pecks on cheeks
turning to drawn out full bodied kisses. Necking and frenching
increasing as their bodies twisted together and undulated.

Hips rocking back and forth, the damp mound of her increasingly wet
panties slid along the hardening shaft of his body. As they moved
against one another their hands caressed and pulled off clothing until
the two wore nothing but their love. Still grinding, their foreplay
continued with ear nibbling, playful biting, and squeezing. Her hands on
his rump, she pulled him against her as she massaged the muscled area.
Kneading her breasts and lightly tweaking her nipples, he moved his lips
from her stomach upwards to her own. After a long kiss, they panted and
stared into each other's eyes.

Mischievous grins on their faces they rolled over, the woman's legs
wrapping around her man's as he mounted her and coyly teased her. With
her hushed voice, she seduced his ears, moaning his name and how she
wanted him inside her. His response, in both body and audio was further
teasing, his tongue pulling her earlobe in to nibble on and play along
with her game. Whispering and asking back how badly she wanted it. Her
nails raking up his back she hung her body from his and kissed him. Then
purred: "I need it".

Their foreplay done, she reached down and guided his quivering manhood
to her hole. She smiled and braced herself for the orgasmic moment when
he first entered her. They joined. Her body folded around him as he slid
inside for the first time, hands clutching his back as she let out an
unconscious moan of pleasure. His arms were pillars, toned muscle flexed
as he pushed his weight upwards then brought it back inside slowly. The
wetness slipping around him as her walls squeezed and undulated whenever
he filled her completely. His gasps mixed with hers and their mouths
hovered inches apart as they engulfed each other.

Eyes half open, head thrown back, the woman rested her hands under his
chest and caressed his body. Using her nails to control his speed she
guided his pleasuring. Without need of words their rhythm stayed in
sync, low murmurs of love escaping parted lips whenever a sway or hip
movement rubbed the two the right way. As he increased the pace,
plunging deeper and faster inside, her moans became louder, changing to
primal screams and half finished sentences. Gasping for air, she
squeezed his arms and fixed her eyes on his own. Then let out three
words timed to his thrusts.

"Not. Yet. Top."

The man dropped his arms down, bringing his body close to hers and laced
his fingers with her own. Bodies entwined, he rolled to his side,
bringing her with him as far as he could before the position separated
them. Quickly maneuvering to the center of the bed, the woman steadied
herself on top of him and took his erection in hand. With one set of
fingers she rubbed her clitoris, with the other she teased the
glistening head of his member. It was her turn to make him beg. Asking
if he wanted it, what he wanted, and how badly. A tempestuous grin
played across her face as she took pleasure from both hand and game. His
hips thrusting, the throbbing in hand slid upward and caressed her lips.
It was his turn to demand: "I need it".

She slid her body against his, breasts heavy against his chest, he
smiled as she kissed his nose and pulled his arms to her waist. Arching
her back she pushed herself down on him and began to pulse her hips.
Sweat dripped down her body as she worked herself on him, knees bending
and legs working hard to keep a steady rhythm. His hands rested and held
onto her waist, pulling her down with each thrust and lifting himself
upwards into her. Their moans and gasps for air in sync, the volume of
the pair rose as they came closer and closer to orgasm. Their lips
meeting and tongues rolling over each other's, the moment soon came
where their pleasures could no longer be contained. With primal screams,
their bodies ricocheted faster and faster. His thumb curling and
caressing the nub above their joining, her hands pulling his head to her
chest as she pulled his hair, the two gasped for air. Moaning and
shivering the two held each other as blissful release enveloped both.
Sinking onto the bed in a euphoric tangle of humanity, the lovers lay
and smiled. Soft whispers of happiness between them on the ruffled
sheets.
