The warmth of her fingers tracing his spine sent shivers up his body.
Rolling the muscles underneath his shoulders he arched his back upwards
and turned to look at the nude woman perched on him.

Her black hair haphazardly resting on her smooth shoulders, the blue 
streak cutting the otherwise solid color of her bangs emphasized the electric 
steel of her eyes. She leaned towards him and he felt her breasts push 
up against his back. Her mouth coming to rest on his cheek as she 
enveloped him in her arms.

Entwining hands with her, he rolled his shoulders forward and slowly 
started rolling to one side. Her grasp on him pulled harder as she began
to lose her balance and squeeked as she braced herself against the wall 
with one hand. Smiling, he finished his roll and pulled her face down to 
rest on his.

Her fingertips lightly touched his chest, tracing the smooth flat 
contours as he began touching hers. Gently squeezing before sitting up 
and taking one into his mouth. He sucked lightly, his tongue playing
across the tip of the nipple as she gave a soft sigh of contentment. 

Sitting, she began gently rocking back and forth, the curves of her 
cheeks nestling around him as she worked. She felt both his and her own
growing desire. The nibbling stopped, replaced by the heat of his breath 
against her neck. His mouth kissing the corners of her jawline before 
coming to a rest on her lips: tongue reaching out in greeting to her own.

Hands reaching around her legs, he pushed forward and fell on top of her,
towering over her and pressing his arousal against her own. She wrapped
her hands around his neck and pulled him closer, whispering into his ears
the words they both were thinking: "Fuck me".