It was dark. Settled onto a matress the man looked upwards towards the
ceiling, not seeing anything until the light of the hallway streamed
through the opening slit of the door. The soft brush of feet on the
wooden floor lightly tapped his ears as the woman closed the door and
tiptoed to him. He propped himself up onto his elbows to lean in towards
her words. 

Faces inches from each other, the brief exchange was ended with a light
peck on the lips. Her just-brushed teeth leaving a hint of menthol in
the air as she started to raise herself away from him. His hand reached
outward into the darkness and found hers. His pensiveness caught in a
single word and holding of a hand in the dark:

_"Wait"_

Coming down to her knees again, he sat up and put his arms around her.
Pulling her across his lap, preventing a dip by supporting her shoulders
in his arm as he interlaced his fingers with her own. 
This time, no light peck, but a full kiss. His lips pressing to hers
before opening and tilting his head, arcing his body over her own to
fully embrace this woman he loved. 

Her free hand moved from its gentle place on his cheek; sliding down his
neck and onto his chest. Gripping his T-shirt tightly and pulling,
grasping at him to bring him closer to her. She moved their entwined
hands outward, pulling his body across hers so she could find his neck.
Soft lips brushing over the angles and finding the sensitive places near
his jawline; sharply breathing onto his skin as his mouth nuzzled into
the sensitive corners of her own neck.  

Uncoiling his back, the man pulled himself away from her and twisted,
moving her from his lap onto the bed. Spreading himself out next to her
he reached out to caress her cheek. This time, her hand found his,
pulling him over and ontop of her. Arms winding around his neck and legs
clamping down around his waist, in the dim light he could see her
sparking white smile. Her eyes, dark brown, stood out somehow from the
surrounding darkness, and their warmth -- like a heated chocolate brownie
on a cold day -- filled his murmerings of sweet nothings with comfort,
joy, and as he dived once more into his lover: pleasure. 

