Sitting in the back of the room, arms proped under chin, the man looked
out at his surroundings. The tables, highstools, and white plastic fan
wobbling off its corkboard ceiling panel. Glancing out the window his
eyes followed the shadow of the tree to his left. A deep navy blue
contrasted the periwinkle sky, turning back his gaze settled on the
occupants of the room. 

Each head was bowed, looking intently at the glowing screens in front of
them. Eyes were rubbed, glasses adjusted, and the clacking of fingers
against keyboards lent a rythmic beat to the office air. About halfway
across the room, one manager smiled and joked with an office worker. The
worker looking fown at their keyboard every few moments while they
waited to go back to work. 

Beeping caught the man's attention. To his right, a young man in a grey
sweatshirt fought with the printer, his lips a thin line as it refused
to cooperate. A few sighs later and the printer groaned and ejected the
sheets of paper he had been waiting for. Walking back to his disk
reading over the documents, the room fell back to the tapping melody. 

Standing and stretching, the man closed one eye as he twisted himself
back and forth. Sitting down for the last few hours had been a chore and
with each passing moment his desire to escape only increased. 4:53pm his
clock said. Only 7 minutes more until freedom. Sitting back down he
buried his impatience underneath work again, but not before he had
stiffled a chuckle. His mind having gone to the "7 in Heavan" game he
had never played in his life. 

Wondering briefly what it would have been like to have been one of the
wilder kids in school when he was growing up, his mind wandered.
Eventually mulling over and coming to the conclusion that he had turned
out alright. Rolling his shoulders and cracking his neck, he looked at
the clock again. 4:56pm. Well, at least he had passed almost half the
time left in the day. 

Still typing out data entry, he paused every few pages. There wasn't
much point to doing this work with only a few minutes left. It would
just make it harder later on to remember what he had and hadn't done. He
stopped typing. Then restarted. Then typed again, unsure of what to do. 
Luckily his answer came to him easily enough at another glance at the
clock. 5:00pm, and he was out the door. 
