Legs crossed, peering out through a veil of dark brown hair, the woman
looks through the few emails in her inbox. Each sorted carefully,
categorized and filtered, not a single note out of place. The number of
unread messages a low 5, a single one holding her attention. 

A new job. 

It was a thought that had crossed her mind multiple times. Months of
internal debate and discussions with close friends had only solidified
the notion. She pushed back her hair out of her eyes, uncrossed and
crossed her legs again and re-read the email. It seemed clear cut,
possibly a pay cut, but possibly a better experience and more
interesting work. 

She sighed. 

What was the harm? She thought, then wondered if references would be
called and if anything might make her boss wonder if she wasn't happy
with her current job. She didn't want to give anyone an excuse to let
her go, she didn't want to have _that_ awkward conversation. Moaning
unhappily to herself, she fell backwards onto her bed and stared at the
ceiling. 

After a few seconds she shifted her gaze into a corner and started
thinking: _be content with what you have_. Would the risk be worth the 
rewards? What would happen if somehow interviewing cost her her current
job? What about if she got excited and took the job without quitting her
other first? What if the new job was a terrible idea and she was leaving
a perfectly adequate career for something worse? What if she lost the
new job after leaving the old and wasn't able to find a new one? 

_What if. What if. What if._

She rolled over onto her stomach, pulling a pillow underneath her face
and burying herself into it. The soft feathery feeling offering a small
degree of comfort despite her rustling mind. The blankets quickly found 
themselves snug around her slight frame, and she wriggled warmly into
the embrace of the sheets. Eyesight gone, she worked on quieting her
ears next, throwing a blanket over her head and U-ing a pillow around
her. All other senses blocked out, she focused inward, trying to
decipher what she really wanted, breathing in and out slowly, trying to
calmly decide what to do with her life.
