The warmth of the building swirls around the family as they step past
the threshold. Smiling faces greeting them each way they look; people
engaged in conversation and laughing. Down the hallway the ushers stand
handing out programs. 

Accepting the pamphlets, each member of the familing file into the pews,
the son looks over the crowd. A few elders conversing, other
familys sitting, some talking, some reading and looking over the planned
event curiously. Sitting on the red pillowed chair, he pushes the hair
away from his eyes and continues watching. Mouth closed into a thin
line, he closes his eyes and tries to ignore the insufferable sound of
the two other family members arguing quietly. 

Finally they stop, only halting for the strings of music now beginning
to waft over the crowd. The stage in front of them filled with a band of
eight people bursting into an uplifting and major-keyed sound. Their
words seeking to inspire and their chords filling the ears. For a brief
moment, the tingle down his spine gave him pause. But just as quickly as
it came, the feeling was gone. Replaced by growing discomfort as the
number of people in the room increased. 

Soon enough, the room was filled and the wave of voices was ringing out.
Above all them: the stage's three singer's voices pierced the air
easily. Their high pitched and sweet voices quivering and holding each
note with a keen tremelo. The son watched, trying to pick out each voice
and discern which face it came from. 

Realizing he was staring at one singer, he looked away, ashamed for a
moment. She was beautiful, all he wanted was to know if the songbird he
was hearing was her, yet he didn't want her to see him looking. What if
she thought he was a creep? He looked up at the words on the screen,
then between each singers face, noting the off key note from one, and
the loudest from the middle. Yet, the girl on the right's voice eluded
him. Drowned out in the sea of hymnal worship.  

He looked again. The brown wavy curls framed her small angular face. He
watched her mouth, trying to pick out which strain of the song fit the
way she sung. Noting when the microphone was up, when it was down. He
continued to distract himself from the anxious feeling welling inside
him as more and more people stood and sang around him. Like an anchor,
his pursuit of her voice kept him steady. 

Finally he heard it, a crisp and clear timber. It was beautiful, and he
was satisfied. His momentary task was complete, and he watched her a
little longer. Wondering how she had ended up singing on a stage, what
had motivated her, when had she learned to sing? A thousand questions
wondering about this person's life pounded his head. 

Overwhelmed, he tried to focus on something else, the dozens of people
nearby, the backs turned to him as they sung, none afforded an
opportunity for musings. He reflected inward, trying to fight against
his growing fear of people looking at him. His unkempt hair an
embarssment, shoes salted from the winter weather outside and lacking
shine. His pants and jacket both faded and grey with age and lack of
care. Glasses broken and perched crookedly on his face, refusing to stay
up, instead continously sliding down his nose. 

Shifting his weight back and forth on his feet, he stared at the lyrics
projected onto the walls. Words of hope, lifting up, and
affirmations of love spattered with other religious feel-good. Closing
his eyes again, he listened to the melody instead, the sweeping ranges
of the instruments, compliments of bass and treble. The voices in a
beautiful harmony. He began to calm, the anxiety falling away as his
ears made up for what his closed eyes could never do. 




 
