Hands poised over the keyboards with fingertips at the ready, the man
sighed. Fingers drumming against the type-touch ridges on the J key in
quick succession, he looked upwards at the ceiling for inspiration.
Finding none, he tuned his ear towards the muffled noise of a tv news
channel propagating from the floor, through his neighbor's ceiling.
Unable to discern the actual words, his attention continued its roaming
through the room around him.

Running his hand across his face, the low stubble of 3 day old growth
roughly greeted his palm on its way to rub the sleep from his eye.
Turning his head, he stared at the hangings on the wall. Despite the
number of pictures, awards, and silly jokes, there was nothing for him
there. The inspiration refusing to come. Closing his eyes, he tried to
think of a topic, any topic, a stray thought to write against, or a
phrase to play on.

Drumming his fingers again, he navigated through a few folders on his
compute. Vacation images, comics, jokes, landscapes, and backgrounds all
flickered by him as he dully tapped the arrow keys. Titles of shows and
plot points of each spun through his head unbehested. Yet none brought
inspiration. Shifting in his seat, he opened a news feed. Looking for
headlines, topics, politicians, celebrities, gossip, and opinions,
anything that would bring a single strand of life into his hands.
Something to pull the bored, apathetic, and half closed eye lids up.
Something to awaken his curiousity. 

He looked away, pulling at the bridge of his nose and massaging his
temple his eyes closed. Lifting the computer off of his lap and setting
it gently onto the desk besides him, he gathered the blanket over his
shoulders, rolled towards the wall, and attempted to go back to sleep.

