The man walked along the roadside. Just having come out of the low
underhang out a mall, he made his way into the blinding sunlight,
squinting against the harsh light of the sun. Sipping his coffeee, he
wondered what today would bring. 

Wiping away the crumbs of a cheese danish, he quaffed the next large
gulps of his drink and stopped at an intersection. Waiting for his turn
to cross, he watched a dark jeep, black and metallic make it's way
though the crosswalk and into the middle of the street. Waiting in the
middle was a seagull. It's white feathers plump and preened in a flurry
of grey and white. The bird began to lift off into the air.

And the jeep's front slammed into the bird. Pulled underneath, the
animal tried to fly away, but underneath the vehicle there was no
escape. The bird rolled and fell under, disappearing for a moment. The
man watched, horrifed, stopping at the crosswalk and waiting to see the
bird emerge unharm. And then he heard it.

The snapping of a fragile hollow bone. Like a collision of bamboo on
bamboo, the echo reverberated across the industrial buildings and over
the asphalt. The bird listed to the side, skidded underneath as the
first set of tires broke its [wing]. The second set rushed towards it, the
man continued to watch, horrified, convinced he was about to see a bird
become a bloody mess. Unable to look away, the back wheels felt like
they filled his vision, time slowed down, the bird disappeared for a
moment. 

Reappearing on the other side, still white, still grey, no blood. The
bird attempted to fly towards the sidewalk, lifting a foot into the air
before falling and rolling onto the street again. The bird stood,
attempting a second time, another time, again, and again. Finally, the
creature seemed to understand, and walked down the street trying
occasionaly to fly. 

The man continued walking, aghast, wondering what to do. With no
smartphone to aid him, no phonebook, no knowledge of any humane society
shelters or animal control contacts. He continued to walk. There was
nothing to be done. He thought about the bird, what would happen?
Without the ability to fly would it be able to eat? Would someone else
see it? If it wandered into the road again would it escape in time?
Would someone help it?

[wing]:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D2lq7qHMcdc
