The sleepy duo, hair tossed and turned, stood embraced on the platform.
The minutes slowly ticked away the time left before they'd have to
part. Each second felt long, but not long enough, and the whispering of
memories lit the sombering air. 

Without regard to those around them, they held each other close. Her
hand stroking his back with her thumb, and his arms holding her tightly
as he buried his face in her hair. Her face in his chest, she whispered
encouragement and assurances to his heart. 

Twenty minutes was hardly long, and the bus was soon pulling in. Other
passengers gathered their belongings, fussed with their bags, and began
filing up to the door. Hurriedly helping, the bus driver shuffled back
and forth between the cargo doors and the strip of people, his puzzle
pieces all falling in place.  

Falling apart, the two broke apart. His hand running through her hair as
he looked into her eyes and surveyed her face. The lit up almond eyes,
brown, and rich with feeling. The small and kissable nose, it's slight
shine catching his eyes as they traveled downward. Her mouth, smiling
sadly, uncoloured, held his gaze and begged him to say something. Her
arms coming up over him once more, squeezing tightly as he gently kissed
her and breathed in the feeling of her one last time.  

Stepping aboard, he paid for his ticket from the less-than-pleased bus
driver and quickly found a window seat. Turning to look outward he saw
her. Small on the platform from his vantage points, her mismatched socks
peaking out over small worn in shoes. Smiling, the two silently said
goodbye again, each without words to fit to the feelings.
