She's just woken up. The dim lighting of her room soft to her eyes.
Rolling over, she gathers the blankets around her and looks down at
herself. Smiling as she compares herself to a string bean or pea pod,
she shifts her thoughts over again. 

The words are hesitant to come. _Depressed_. It wasn't official by any
means, a single therapist asking about it wasn't anything to worry about
right? She turns over again and resumes staring at the ceiling. It
didn't feel like it to her. After all, weren't people who were depressed
sad all the time? 

She smiles. _Of course, I have tons of happy times! There are lots of
days where things are going well, and things are looking up!_ The
feeling inside doesn't seem to pass though. She tries again: _I'm really
lucky, I have some many things others don't have, I should be grateful_.
But the glow of her room which seemed comforting before now seems
gloomy. Eyebrow's furrowed, she tells herself again: _the doctor only
asked! that's not saying I am!_

Worried, she gets up and looks into the mirror. Staring at her own eyes
for a minute blankly until starting to feel silly. _What am I doing?_
Shaking her head, she stares herself down and opens her mouth. 

**"Are you depressed?"**

The girl looking back at her face doesn't seem to give way. There's no
tick, no slight sign one way or the other. Closing her eyes she asks
herself again. Searching for an answer somewhere in her head. _Everyone
has ups and downs in life_, she thinks. _There's nothing wrong with
that, it's all part of growing_. 

Opening and meeting her own eyes again she looks at herself. _Would I be
asking myself these questions if I wasn't?_. A bit of mist appears in
one of her eyes. _Would I be asking myself this if that doctor hadn't
asked first?_. Briefly turning away she slumps onto the bed and hugs a
pillow. Which one is it? Suggestion? Or reality?
