The man sat in the park eyeing the store across the street. His baseball
cap pulled low over his face and collar turned against the wind. The
brown of his jacket blended well with the foliage near him. Just a day
in the park for your average joe. 

But this man had been there for hours. On occasions a flicker of panic
would cross his face, after some internal struggle the lines would cease
rending his forehead and his sullen look would return to his gaunt face.
He stared. The store across the street had everything he wanted right
now. It had money, he had none. It had food, he had none. It had warmth,
he had none. 

His thoughts boiled inside of him, looping over and over while he
weighed the options. Moral qualms with what he _could_ do kept him
sitting. Kept him hungry, cold, and poor. He had never stolen before in
his life. He had also never gone for longer than 3 days without food and
two days without water. His eyes sunken, he turned his gaze down into
his shaking hands. 

How had this happened? How had he ended up here. Contemplating a moment,
he decided it didn't matter. What mattered was the now. There was no
point reflecting in his past if in a short time there would be no
future. He felt that he would cry, the emotion building within, but no
tears came. The dehydration assisted with that. 

He stood and looked at the store again. He tried to think of where else
he could go. Where could he get water? The water fountain in the park
was broken. It had stopped working the last time he drank there. Gone,
just like all of his possessions and hopes. There had to be more water
somewhere. 

Walking to the store entrance, he repeated to himself. "Confidence"
under his breath. He was sure he looked crazy. A run down tramp like him
knew there wasn't a way for him to look dignified short of a very long
bath and a lot of food. Something to fill his skin that hung off his
bones so loosely. The ring of the store-bell signified his entrance and
he walked up to the clerk. Raising his face and meeting the eyes of a
young girl. 

She looked at him, boredom in her eyes. She had been working here for
longer than he had been napping in the park across the street. She saw
him as another customer. There was no fear at his appearance. This
kindled the last remaining coals of his morals. He could not rob this
woman. He could not afford to lose the only thing he had left, his
humanity. His mouth opened. 

"May I use your bathroom? Please?" 

She nodded and handed him a key gesturing to the small hallway. Taking
the key from her, he made his way into the room. It was clean. And he
did his business and drank from the sink. It was cold, clean and
refreshing. He still had no food, but he knew that he would survive a
little longer now. Perhaps long enough that panhandling might reward him
with enough change to buy something small, a protein bar perhaps. 

He washed his face off a little bit, taking care not to get the sink
dirty from the grime that fell off of him. He knew he couldn't stay in
too much longer, so he flushed the toilet to  make it seem that he had
done something and left. Handing the keys back to the apathetic drone in
front of him, he exited the store and began walking down the street. It
was time to find a kind person who might help him get fed.
