The child's cheeks were dusty. Specs of dirt above is eyebrow and under
his nails gave the appearance of an active and playful child. The frown
and downcast eyes, did not. Perhaps more indicative was that he stood
alone.

The back of the room wasn't dark or unfriendly, it was filled with the
same lighting, mood, and sound. Music and the long held notes of a
choir, the out of tune crooning of an elderly woman, the shuffling of a
pair of hole-ridden shoes. The church was full of hymns and the raised
voices of the congregation. As the praises softened, the pastor's voice
echoed through the hall.

It was time for tithes. The ushers walked solemnly towards the pulpit,
stoping short of the couple of steps that separated them from the raised
platform the preacher stood on. After a prayer, the ushers, in their
ties and well fitted jackets, strode along the aisle and passed the
small basins to the sitting members. Left to right, right to left, the
bowls passed between the contributors and back to the suits. They made
their way to the back slowly, as a solemn and march-like hymnal played
from a small piano in the corner.

When the offering came to the small unsupervised boy in the back he took
it in one hand, then fished into his pocket. A crumpled wad of bills and
paper produced itself and he separated the trash and greasy wrappings of
his last meal from a pair of one dollar bills. Hand shaking, he moved to
drop the cash in, and as he did deftly snatched a five dollar bill up
underneath some of the trash still in his hand.

The usher stood over him, watching and aware. But said nothing and took
the tithe bowl from the boy when he offered it. Completing his duty by
waiting for the other ushers to finish their walks to the back wall, he
thought about what he had just seen. Distracted, he started a bit late
on the walk back up to the stage. He took a small amount more time than
the other ushers as he pivoted and turned to walk back to his seat.

He was sitting next to his wife, trying to focus on a sermon that seemed
more and more superfluous when he saw the child stand. The usher leaned
towards his wife, told her his need of the facilities, and then stopped
and shuffled past the irritated elderly as he walked out to the foyer,
past the restrooms, and out towards the boy on the steps.

"Hello"

Startled, the boy shook and turned. His lip quivering a little as he
noticed the usher's familiar face.

"Where are your parents?"

Unresponsive, the dirt covered their clutched his hands together trying
to hide the greenback from view. His body half turned as if to run, but
his feet immobile like they were stapled to the ground.

"Do you need help?"

Perhaps it was the tone of voice; perhaps it was the smile as he said
help; perhaps it was just that he had come from a church; regardless of
why, the boy trusted him and lurched forward and hugged his leg.

"Yes"
