Her slight hand pushed the fur lapel towards her neck. Struggling to
keep the chill out, the red knuckles against the frosted hue of her bare
fingers lay brilliant against the black coat. The reflection of
moonlight and street lamps combined to cast the wet concrete in velvet
paint.

In her other hand she grasped a bottle, the bold lettering against the
parchment-like wrapping glowing in contrast to the jacket nearly as much
as her skin. It wasn't hard to tell by the tight grip and hurried walk
that the woman desperately wanted to be anywhere other than where she
was currently. The lip of her hat veiled her downward face in shadow,
and her lips were drawn tightly in a flat red line.

The chill of the hour was evident in more than just the lady's
mannerisms. Tourists and townsfolk alike clutched at their scarves and
hats in attempts to shrug off the weather. Ice ridden streets and snow 
encircled sidewalks burned a fever for those who attempted to brave 
them. Most of all, the boldness of the homeless along the few covered 
walls and entrances grew steadily.

"Dollar for a coffee?"

His long beige jacket was dirty. Slush, oil, and god knew what else
speckled the coat and hung in the air. For a brief moment the woman had
looked up from underneath her hat, and his eye had caught hers. Her
hands full with wine and collar, she paused and drunk in the sight in
front of her. A tattered patchwork scarf wrapped his neck and swung in
front of his chest with each burst of wind. One hand was tucked under an
arm, the other outstretched towards her; the dirt on his fingers smeared
the creases along his hand. No light reflecting off his hand wasn't the
same glow as that emanating from her own, but a sickly jaundiced color. 

She looked him in the eye. Sunken and sullen, the wind obscured them in
bursts as it whipped his greasy curls across his face. The woman nodded
and fussed with her coat for a moment. 

"Sorry, hold this for a moment?"

Turning the bottle over to him, the woman moved aside the long tails of
her coat and pulled her purse out from under them. Digging through it
briefly before finding a set of bent one and five dollar bills.
Delicately extracting one, she set reached out and accepted her bottle
back and handed him the five. He made a sort of short curtsey and smiled
apologetically in shame. 

"Merci"

Turning on her heel she continued walking away. One eyelid lowered
slightly as her brow furrowed and she looked at the Austrian wine's
label. With a shiver, she clutched her coat around her again and hurried
up the street. Aiming for the warmth of her home as she hoped the man
found a warm cafe to take refuge in as the storm clouds circled above. 


