Groggy, the man blinked his eyes slowly and looked out the window of the
bus. The glass pane shook as the machine rumbled to life. The driver
looked outside one last time before closing the door and  accelerating
out from under the overhang. With nothing but brick burnt out buildings
to see, the passenger shifted his eyes to his book and began reading.

His body lurched back and forth as the drivers clumsy driving slammed
the bus to a stop at each signpost. Absorbed in his book he hardly
noticed it, just as he hardly noticed the woman sit next to him. It
wasn't until the shine of her bracelets reflected into his peripheral
vision that he glanced up.

Her raven hair was pulled back into a simple clasp, and the ends swayed
lightly against her shoulders as the bus moved. Thumbs tapping quickly
on the BlackBerry, the set of rings, bangles, and bracelets jingled with
each, their hold on the small porcelain wrists just tight enough to stay
on. A black cardigan wrapped itself around her and covered half of her
forearms.

Having studied his companion, he shrugged slightly and began reading
again. His interest was peaked, normally people didn't sit next to him
on the bus unless it was full. Leaning back at the next stop he stole a
glance around and at the profile of her face. The bus was a little
crowded, but there were a few seats next to others farther back. The
vast majority of seating seemed taken by a camp group of children and
counselors.

Looking down past his book he noted her shoes. White and black striped
and tied with small bows. The color scheme was becoming apparent, and he
mused to himself about what label might apply: emo, scene, goth, just
tired? Her pale face was angled and enhanced with lines of liquid night
that popped the blue of her eyes noticeably even from the brief profile
view he saw. The only other color was the dusty pink of her lips.

Satisfied with his overview, he decided that if he could figure out
something to say to her, he would, but until then he'd enjoy his book.
An attractive woman on the bus next to him was rare, but the chances of
them having anything in common was more so. Better to just read and
relax he thought to himself.

After a few more stops he paused to look out the window. Then he heard a
light bell-like voice. "Excuse me, is that a book about biology?"

Caught off guard he turned and answered, giving her his full attention.
No longer viewing a side profile, he noticed the inside of her hair was
coloured a vivid deep ocean blue. Her gaze, wide eyed and fixed to his
own, held him captive as he tried to talk with her and appreciate her
beauty at the same time. Their conversation amiable and interesting, the
man smiled as he went into details about the books materials.

The woman nodded and asked about other books the authors had written,
discussing her own work and how it related to the field. She asked if he
took this bus often and they shared a mutual surprise to find out they
both took it regularly. White teeth flashing happily, she pushed her
purse straps onto her shoulder and grinned at him. Letting him know that
she normally got off one stop earlier, but would be taking the next
today. As the bus slowed down and she stood they exchanged handshakes
and names. The days of tomorrow promising future exchanges and possible
friendship.
