The click of the heat turning on, the clatter of plates, cutting boards,
and ingredients being pulled from their shelves. The man stands in his
kitchen, surveying the puzzle pieces in front of him. With quick deft
movements, he fills the kettle with water, the pan with oil, and the
stove with a sheet. 

He pulls the golden cheese from its sheath and selects a knife from
the block. Cutting thin slices from it, inhaling the aroma of the meal
soon to come. The wafers of soon-to-be melted cheese lay delicately
across the halved bread roll, a small skimming of butter underneath
each. Into the oven the pieces go. 

Unscrewing the jar, the aroma of sweet and sour oranges permeates the
air, another knife selected from the block, and the chicken is soon
sliced into manageable pieces, each a few centimeters thick. The man
hovers his hand over the pan; feeling the heat and examining the layer
of oil sliding around. Carefully, he lays the chicken into rows, happily
whistling to himself as the sizzling sound of food begins to cheer him. 

Next, he reaches into the cabinet, pulling out the last tea bag he has,
smelling the aroma before boiling the now boiling water across it.
Closing the mug off with a plate to steep, he turns his attention back
to the oven. Peering in briefly, he quickly opens the unit and rotates
the bread for an even heating. The scent of toast hits him and he
smiles, before coming up to savor the smell of the meat. 

A few more minutes, a few more flips of chicken and some milk into his
tea his breakfast is nearly done. A final touch of sliced green peppers
to add color to his meal before he combines each piece together.
Completing the jigsaw of his meal he smiles, ready for a new day and a
new meal. 

<img src="/images/cooking/bfast-sammich.jpg"/>
