Bells. Their melodic clatter rang across the suburb. Nine resounding notes
reaching outward over the people, seeking to inform and spread musical
contentment. On a corner of two streets, a singular ear perked up.

Head tilted, an elderly gentleman sat on his porch and listened. Humming
along to the tune and rocking back and forth as he did. No creaking of
floorboards or groans of chairs occurred as he moved. The porch, it's
banister freshly painted, plants trimmed, and steps swept, was different
from those around it. Whitewashed walls and blue shutters stood out from
the run down, and scraggly paint chips of the neighborhood. This house,
out of all of them, was maintained. And its owner was vigilant.

The bell's last echos fading away, his eyes moved to survey his lawn and
street. With calm and practiced movements, he dusted off his bird feeder
and watered his plants. Then swept the staircase and returned to his
chair. The swing of the door was on time, his wife emerging from the
cool dark of the home. Her hands full carrying the morning tea and
breakfast. They sat together, watching the clouds go by, and ate in
peace. Her cup drained, she began working again, a hat slowly taking
shape as she knitted.

After the mailman stopped by, the man sat reading the paper. Brow
furrowed and head slowly shaking side to side. Each article was sucked
dry of its truths, the falsehoods spat out with a contemptuous grunt.
Routinely, he folded the paper and recycled it. Walking slowly across
the porch towards the lawn, he stopped to kiss his wife, reminding her
that he loved her, then stepped gingerly down the stairs. Pulling open a
small cabinet hanging from the railing, he reached in and grabbed his
gardening tools. Soon enough his hands and knees were covered in dirt
from digging into the moist earth below. His morning drifted by, this
day similar to other days before, his smile content, his love strong,
and his pride of his meager home intact.
