Fighting to surpress the look of disgust on his face, the man sat 
across from his friend and nodded. Biting his tongue, he pushed the 
food on the plate in front of him around idly, all the while listening 
to the bile across from him -- and wishing he wasn't. 

The conversation had started off normal enough, simple catch up of two 
friends. They had laughed, recollecting a few good times back in their 
old glory days, and ordered a meal together. While the conversation 
hadn't slowed, it had abruptly taken a drastic turn after the mention 
of sex.

His foot tapping uncomfortably, he continued listening to the tales of 
cheating and sexual conquests. Face eager, the friends body leaned over 
the table towards him while a pun was made. Keeping his calm, he nodded 
and asked questions about the situations being described to him. 
Outwardly displaying interest, inwardly screaming as they listed off a 
number of items that he would never consider doing. 

The waiter stopped at their table and held out a desert menu. Happy for 
any respite, the man engaged him in a light conversation on which items 
were his favorites. Unfortunately, the waiter was good at his job, 
listing each dessert quickly and readily offering commentary on each. 
As he walked away to place the orders, the conversation twisted back 
to its previous thread.

His plate empty, and drink on its last dregs, he forced himself to 
listen to explanations on how it was neccesary or the current living 
situation wouldn't work out. The exploitive nature of each story, 
and the smile as the friend delighted in describing a day spent 
jumping between lovers, pressed on his moral conscious. His own 
thoughts jumping between the times in the past when someone had cheated 
on him, and to when he had helped friends, including this one, get over 
relationships that had ended as described by the grinning fool across 
from him.

Yet he said nothing. Thinking of each person involved, how a few were 
aware and complacent in this tangled web of lust, he didn't feel as if 
it were his place to judge. Preferring to attempt to understand the 
justifications instead. Nodding in partial agreement to justifications 
that it was fine since _most_ people involved knew of each other. He 
held his tongue as the fingers were counted on each hand; listing the 
methods of insuring that the lovers who thought they were exclusive 
would never know about the others. 

The meal continued, the conversation switching between a myriad of 
subjects. But the previous discussion had drained him of any interest. 
What was supposed to be a happy event and time to catch up with a 
friend had turned into an exposition of immoral escapades. And until 
the two parted, he struggled to maintain the old connection. The shorn 
threads of a prior friendship dangingly on nothing more than ceremony 
and politeness. He waved goodbye as the car drove down the street, the 
sickly sweet smell of her perfume polluting the air around him.
