Arm tired from shaking so many hands, the man nodded at the woman. Her
sympathetic expression matched the grief of her black dress and the
furled eyebrows of her husband. Their deepest condolences given, they
made their way to the pews.

The church was solemn. Its quiet and somber mood reflected by it's many
blackened veils. The man took his seat, wiping away the sweat under his
collar with a handkerchief. A hand on his shoulder squeezed and patted
him. He nodded, lightly squeezing the hand back without turning to face
its owner. As the ceremony began he zoned out, his own thoughts pushing
away reality.

Hands clasping and kneading his fingers together, he bowed his head.
Unsure, he tried to pray. But the words only echoed in the emptiness of
his mind. No reply or sudden inspiration burst into his world. It was
unpleasant, but he kept trying. Alternating between his vain thoughts
and going over parts of his speech. It wasn't long before the pastor
called on him.

Standing alone, he grasped the pulpit's edges while he stared at the
words in front of him. Taking a breath, he began his rehearsed speech.
An odd calm lay across his shoulders. Despite the amount of tears she'd
during his writing, and the salted stains on the note he was reading
from, he could not cry. His expression instead an impassionate wall. His
voice, without shaking, a bludgeon to his delicate words.

Aware of his faulting delivery, he searched inside to find that feeling.
The one time he needed his sadness, it failed to come. Nearing the end
of the paper, he twisted his face and paused to blow his nose. An act,
but the best he could do without insulting the memory of the dead.
Finished, he sat back down after shaking the pastors hand. Once again,
the hand squeezed his shoulder, and this time, he bowed his head and
cried. Not just for the body in the coffin, but for his inability to
mourn and the piece of him that had died with their passing.
