Raucous laughter echoed off the brick walls of the alley. It was a
Friday night, and the pizza parlor's customers who had been seated
outside had retreated inside when it began drizzling. All but one group
of friends who had stayed out, thanking the waiter who erected a large
umbrella over them. 

The conversation was fast, varied, and split between smiles and
cheering. Even when it turned darker with discussion of death and
religion, the humor kept flowing nearly in sync with the rounds of
drinks. Taking turns, they each ordered for the table; then would wait
for the others to figure out what they were drinking. The simple game
stoked conversation between people who didn't often talk, and soon
enough, everyone was feeling friendly. 

After the sixth round of drinks was ordered they were surprised to see
the bartender come outside.

"Is it alright with you all if I do a half-pour?"

She stood looking at their surprised faces, as the laughter stopped and
they exchanged glances. Unsure of what to do, one offered a trepidacious
affirmative. The bartender raised her hands and smiled::

"We just want everyone to be safe when they leave, are any of you
driving?"

Raising their eyebrows, the group shifted in their seats and told her
that they were all walking, but that she should do whatever she was
comfortable with. As she stepped inside, the group picked their
conversation back up and soon enough he drink-chooser came back to the
table with a flight of beers in hand. Smiling mischievously, he informed
them how she had given them _just a little more than a half pour_.
Laughing, the friends raised their glasses and pondered a cheers. 

"To worrying the bartender!"

