He sat in the back seat, eyes trying to gauge the distance to the
puckered lights in the darkness. The yellow of the street lamps blurred
into streaks as the car wound it's way through the slow curves of the
city. Muffled glow bloomed from the suburban homes settling into their
beds for the night.

His obsessive observations of the surroundings were interrupted by the
yells of the others in the vehicle. Annoyed tones provoked a raised
voice, then the third person in the backseat chimed in. The conversation
escalated louder and louder, sarcasm fueling frustrations built on sour
grievances unaddressed. Ears burning, he tried to make sense of the
situation. With no understanding of why the eggshells had cracked, all
the man could do was frown in the dark and listen.

Haughty and indignant, the group of friends moved their quarrel from car
to house. The living rooms couches soon sagging under the load of
supporting each person and their arguments. The original premises of
their fight seemed forgotten, and every address a short bark for
attention. Simple questions fired in accusatory tones instigated another
round of contratarian comments, the man still sat quiet, unsure.

The friendship was familiar, it's history deep, and the roads paved
together had been blazed in the glory of their youths. Now older, the
days never felt long enough, the food not quite as good, and their minds
continually preoccupied. What pothole was the cause of this bump was
unknown to the seated observer; but he wished it were filled in with the
better memories rather than the sludge of minor wrongs.
