The pain slowly subsided as the pills took their effect. The wheezing
and panting coming down from its frantic pace to a more manageable, but
audible gasping. Tinged with relief, the gaze of the older man steadied.
His pixelated view sharpening from the white fuzz of hurt to a cloudy
glaucoma filled one.

Pressing forward on the round control of his motorized chair, the wheels
creeked into motion and he began rolling down the street. The berth
which people, even on the most crowded streets, gave him felt odd.
Children looked over briefly in fear before cowering and running away.
Mother's eyes were mixtures of pity and disgust, their husbands eyes
looking away as they covered their children's eyes. Few held his gaze if
he pulled it from the pavement long enough to give it. 

It hadn't always been this way. There had been days when he too had
walked freely, moving quickly between people in crowds. Days where the
flower shop had been reachable to him, now he was forced to ask
strangers to climb those tall stairs and trust them with his meager
pension. There had been days where those flowers were brought back and
placed into a small green vase by his--  

The pain in the leg, or rather, where his leg had been, flaired. Crying
out, his good arm started to move towards the sensation; his hand caught
on the control, the motorized chair twisted sideways. Nearly colliding
with a couple who hadn't maintained their distance. As he winced and
waited for the pain to disperse he closed his eyes and breathed. After a
moment, he pulled himself together, righting his chair and avoiding the
eyes of the frightened couple standing back from him, he gasped an
apology then proceeded down the street. 


