The young man stares in disbelief as he reads the words. Confused how
this happened, he thinks to himself. _How?_ _Why?_ For all his logic and
reasoning he cannot begin to find where he ideas come from that he is
reading. In a moment he is looking up statistics, trying to verify the
information's authenticity. 

There's nothing. Was there something he missed? Something recent? A
journal unread that uphold the claims? Confused, he shakes his head and
wonders what led people to write this. Decidingly, he decides to simply
ask. Better than being left in the dark. So he writes in and waits. 

Time goes by and no response, yet the statistic he's seen is repeated
again and again until it seems all know it, yet no one know where it
came from. He writes in again, where did it come from? What journal?
What is the source? This time a response assert it is common knowledge.
Happy to see a response, he begins explaining that he wrote in before,
yet a volume of vitriol is his return. 

Confused. He walks away before responding, taking a breather. Perhaps it
is just an emotional subject for the person responding; attempting to
tread carefully, he apologizes for any offense, but makes his point
clear. Asserting the claims that have been printed over and over again
must have a reliable source and methodology. His attempts to explain
this clearly seem to be failing as the words returned once again attack
his character. Once again confused, he asks if it's okay to show this
conversation to people, in a hatefilled response, permission is granted.

So he writes. And he writes a post and published it, explaining his
search, anonymizing and displaying the emails without edits. Throughout
his article he attempts to make it clear that he is only wants to know
the truth, and whether or not acting upon the information presented is
justified. Both introduction and conclusion firmly state this, his
search for the truth is the only reason he is posting, at the end he
asks for anyone, anyone at all to provide a source. 

Within days his words are slapped across headlines, his article cherry
picked to present a narrative not present in the original article. The
words being placed into his mouth are sickening to him. The
notifications to his mailbox and other outlets are filled with anger.
Yet none step forward to answer his claim. All seem happy to cite him as
an opponent to a great cause, his confusion only magnified as it's blown
more and more out of proportion. 

All he wanted was the truth. Yet his words became the lies told. 
