Wiping sweat from his brow the man walked into the shadow of the large
building to his left. The only other person on the sidewalk was a woman
in white and black, walking down the street. She looked at him, and
paused in her step. 

Eyes lined both in mist and black, she asked the man where a bank he had
never heard of was. Unable to assist, he looked at her and asked her if
she had tried just a regular ATM. The woman turned to face him fully,
eyebrows coming together, "I'm having an awful day", sniffling, she
began to explain her predicament. 

A blown out tire, an overcharging tow and repair job, and a limit that
her card had already reached for usage. Not the best day for anyone, let
alone a pregnant woman 4 hours from home traveling alone. She explained
this to the man, mentioning that even though she was only $20.00 dollars
short, the repairmen were holding her car at the shop. Also, they had
already overcharged her and done an alignment she didn't ask for,
costing her $50.00 in addition to the towing and tire costs.

Cutting her off from finishing the rest of her story, he asked for
clarification. "You're short $20.00 dollars for the bill?" She looked at
him and nodded. "Let's go to the ATM then", he stated. 

Eyes widening, her mouth dropped, "you'd spot me?". 

The man looked at her and smiled a little. Nodding, "of course". 

They began walking towards the ATM, chatting about how the woman had
come into this predicament. He learned about her husband, how the
repairmen had charged her too much, and the way she had originally ended
up without any money to use. Needing to go to the bathroom, she excused
herself as the man withdrawed $40.00 from the ATM. 

Once the woman returned, he handed her the money. She stopped as she
looked at it, realizing there was more than a single bill.
Incredulously, she looked up at him and asked how much he had given her.
Matter of factly, he stated $40.00 dollars. She thanked him again, then
began promising him that she'd pay him back. 

Waving his hands, he said it was fine, but after persisting her desires
to pay him back for a few minutes he gave in and gave her his
information. Wishing her on her way with a goodbye hug, they parted.
