The morning light streams in through the curtains, orange falls across
the desk and the girl sitting in front of the mirror looks at herself
hard. The day has yet to start and she careful opens the drawer and
begins selecting small bottles. A brush comes out and is placed
delicately to one side; next a comb and a small pencil are placed
opposite. 

Again looking into the mirror, her eyes flicker from her lips, to her
cheeks, to her eyes to her hair. Deciding the days look in a few moments
of thought. She reaches for the creamy liquid in the bottle to her
right. Dripping some onto the top of her hand she dabs some onto two
fingers and begins making small circles around her face. Blending the
foundation together until her face and neck are one tone. A small dash
of concealer at the corner of her eyes and nose is streaked across her
eyelid, setting the base for the shadows to come. 

A small black box is pulled from one of many drawers, opening to reveal
four small circles of powder. Each has their place on the lid of her
eye: first, the lightest tone gently dusted onto the inside corner,
followed by the next tone in the middle, and the darkest color
feathering out to the side. The crease of her eye will use the second to
darkest color. The plan in place, she takes a flat brush, its thistles
thick with color, and swirls it into the first color. Tapping the brush
against her wrist she removes the excess powder, then begins to apply. 

The soft glow of the powder envelopes her eye as she brushes it on and
blends each tone together. Using the tip of her finger, she gently rubs
away small mess-ups and gives herself a look in the mirror. The snow
globe around her eye makes them look wide, offsetting her nose from her
eye and drawing attention. Closing the box, she taps away the
shimmering dust before putting away the brush. At the same time, she
reaches for the pencil. 

She leans into the mirror, mouthing an O, and begins drawing a dark base 
against her lashes, filling out the bottom and pulling a vivid streak
across. She blinks a few times now, adjusting her eyes to the new
weight, and then carefully places the eyeliner at the corner of her eye.
Using her eyelid as a guide she carefully fills out the bottom of the
dark line now running through her lashes. 

Next, the top of the mascara bottle is twisted off. A few quick in and
out pulls and the spiked brush is coated in dark goo. Before applying it
to each lash, she scrapes the top off into the mouth of the bottle.
Reaffirmed that she won't clump her eyelashes together, she places the
brush at the base her eyelash, and weaving side to side pulls the lashes
up and into long glorious waves. 

Finally, her gaze falls to her lips. Reaching for her lipstick and
gloss, puckered lips at the ready, she kisses herself with a deep red
glaze. Filling out the corners of her mouth and drawing in a perfect bow
at the top of her lip. Her lips rub together, massaging the lipstick
into her lips before she's puckered once more. This time gloss coating
her lips in candied sweetness. 

Putting each item away into the drawer, she blinks as soon as she's
remembered that she's forgotten her blush. Powdering a feathery brush
quickly and tapping the excess away she smiles into the mirror. Her
cheekbones quickly becoming faintly rosy in the yellowing glow of the
sun. That done, she slips away from her desk and pulls down the dress
waiting for her on the door handle. In a moment she's stepped into it
and zipped. The next, she's standing in front of a full length mirror
admiring her work. A pair of black heels pulling her legs into a lengthy
show for herself. 

A moment is taken. Then she picks up a camera from the top of the
dresser. Posing, she takes a few pictures. Angling her body to try to
show off the small degree of figure which she has. Pressing her arms
together to push her undeveloped chest into some form of cleavage. After
a few minutes, she smiles at herself one last time. 

Then she picks up her makeup remover, takes off the makeup and dress.
Throws on a pair of jeans and a t-shirt. Takes a look in the mirror and
breaks down and cries. There is no where to go and no way to leave. She
curls up on the floor in front of the door, lying there, blanking her
mind. 

Until she hears her mother call up that it's time to go to school and
that good boys aren't late. 

 
