Her breath fogged the air between them. The dampened crunch of their
footsteps had been the only noise leading to this moment. Now that the
time had come, the shiver of winter's blustery winds lent its melody to
theirs. Hearts beating, the two reach out and embraced.

The puff of their stuffed coats and the shining fabric squeaked slightly
as they rubbed against each other. Mittens vigorously running the
lengths of their backs, the two heated each other as they drank the
scene in. Twinkling sparks of white and yellow light danced overhead.
Their million year long rays rustling through the spindle-like branches
of the forest around the couple. Cool night, a black velvet draping to
the stars on stage, lay quietly over them.

Clutched within each other's arms and comfortable amongst the snow the
two looked upward. Eyes fixated on the suite of stars streaking
overhead, a few dashes of light drew their gaze. The small blazes began
multiplying, an uneven but increasing pace, erratically filling the
world around them with the spectacle of a meteor shower. The heat of
their exhales obscuring their vision only when necessity begged them draw
breath; such was their enthrallment.

As the torrent of fire overhead slowly diminished, the two turned their
faces towards one another. Eyes alight with astonishment and happiness,
the pair grinned at one another. With a mischievous tease one broke the
silence. Their words drifting into the air and eliciting an equal
return. Soon, laughter buried all stillness of the moment, and the
couple were happily chasing one another through the woods.
