Its eyes were open. The fine, but frayed velvet trim of the owl's wings
struck a contrast between its grey feathers and the pavement. With no
visible sign of breathing the crowd around it murmured in despondent
tones. Unhappy adults, curious or the crowd blocking the walkway,
quickly hurried their children away upon seeing the death.

The black orbs stared into the darkening night. Their only color a
reflected orange hue from the sunset fighting one last time against the
deepening navy sky. Sunk into the heart shaped face of the bird, the
small creatures eyes and body looked uncharacteristically flat; as if
the cause of it's death had been a collision with the large glass
windows nearby. Unsure, the crowd whispered amongst each other, trying
to determine what to do and who to call.

With little wisdom, some walked away from the scene, expecting others to
handle it. A few reached out towards the animal before being scolded.
Dispassionate individuals took photos, their mute faces portraying mild
interest, their light illuminating the disgusted looks of the
compassionate.

Finally, an employee of the building stepped out to investigate the
growing circle of concern. Taking stock of the situation, they quickly
moved inside to inform management and contact an authority. With a
scowl, they shushed and waved away the crowd, setting up a caution sign
and fencing off the area with stanchions. Taking a glance at the dead
and decaying bird, they shifted and frowned. A trip inside righted their
expression: the clerk carried a tablecloth out and draped it over the
makeshift shelter. Both bird and human stood waiting for the
authorities, their pose dignified with respect.
