The hardwood floor was cool to touch, urging a hasty ascent to avoid
touching it for too long. Her shin leaning onto the floorboards and hand
pressing down, she hoisted herself onto the stage. With her back to the
room she felt like everyone was staring at her, despite only a few
early-birds scattered throughout the concert hall.

Glancing left and right from one friend to the other, she hesitantly
smiled and shuffled towards the equipment. Smoothing the wrinkles in her
skirt with one hand, and adjusting her shoulder strap with the other,
she searched for her cable. Eyes following the tangled mess and coils,
it wasn't long before she found the golden metal end and plugged one end
into her guitar, then moved back towards her amp.

It's black velveted front, light metal grid, and silver knobs was
electric to her touch. Hand dusting the top of it and fingering the
front panel for the input channel's hole, she smiled. The low hum caused
by the cable end against the input greeted her curious probing. With a
clatter and sharp snapping buzz she joined her instrument to its
speaker. The feedback, quick squeal, and thud of the two electronics
echoed across the room, signaling her arrival. 

Embarrassed by the heads turned towards her, she quickly twisted the
volume control low and shrunk down towards the floor. Peeking from over
her hunched shoulders, she grinned at her friends and scratched her
head. The two laughed and continued tuning their instruments. One's drum
set lightly being tapped, the other's bass rumbling and vibrating the
floor. She quickly set herself to work tuning her guitar.

With the band on stage, all that was left were the mic checks. Thuds and
echoing bumps rebounded around the room; followed by a cough and the
clearing of a throat. The girl, nervously smoothing her skirt again
before taking the mic in hand, started quietly talking. Moving her gaze
from the ceiling to the stage manager in front of her, she gasped and
fumbled the mic. The exasperated sigh of the manager as they waved to
indicate speaking louder heard only by the lighting engineer nearby.

After fixing the mic stand and nodding to her band mates, she looked
towards the manager again. Then to the bassist. Then to the drummer.
Grinning from ear to ear, the drummer clicked his sticks and counted off
a 4/4 beat. Hurriedly, the girl flicked the volume knob and fingered the
first chord. As the music flowed around her, she relaxed, easing into
her stance and became unaware of the crowd gathering. Her voice, clear
and strong, rang out over them.
