Wood meeting skin, the jingle of small machinery came to a start with a
click, followed by repeated ticks as the clock wound around a minute
counter. The two players across from each other eyed their pieces on the
board with one eye and kept the other on their opponent.

The woman's hand leaned across, then over, then back to her chin as she
contemplated the next move. Never touching her pieces lest she be forced
into a move by default, she attempted to guess what each play would do,
and the next. Scratching her head, she made her move and slapped the
clock.

Her adversary, a man with glasses too large for his face and a cleft lip,
grinned from one corner of his tilted mouth. The hair that had lifted as
she scratched her head was pulled down over her face in angst. The
jingling of the bell on top beckoned her to take a look as he scooped up
a pawn and placed it next to the other witnesses to her defeat. His smile
wide, he lightly pressed her to move before the clock ran out.

Unhappy at losing another soldier, she scanned the gridded battlefield
for a victim of her own. Single-mindedly laying her hand onto her queen,
she slid it to take a rook. Tossing her hair back, she daintily tapped
the clock and with a high pitched "hm!" she swung her hand invitingly to
him.

Frowning, he studied the board for a moment before removing the queen
with a horse and looking sadly at her. He began to open his mouth,
thought better of it, and hit the timer again. Reluctantly looking at
the narrowed glare that shook across from him as he placed the porcelain
figure next to the other captives.

"It isn't any fun if you're just going to get angry"

The ticking of the clock heavily sounded for three agonizing beats.

"You asked to play"

A room slid to protect the King on the woman's side of the board, and
she tapped the clock twice and continued her unpleasant stare, "I didn't
know you were so good at this. I wanted to win."

Leaning back, he tapped his lip absent-mindedly before calling check as
his bishop slid into play. Shrugging, he met her gaze with a sad half
lidded shrug:

"I just wanted to play."
