Huddled around the small table, heads turning back and forth, the group
of friends attempted to hear each other in the noisy bar. Conversations
drifted in and out as words were masked by the crack of billiard balls
behind them. The volume swells left them with no choice but to resort to
an odd combination of charades and lip reading. One head poked out from
the huddle and recognition flashed across his face. 

Yelling out to the man walking in from the smoking area and waving a
hand. The two met eyes and smiles lifted the corners of
their mouths. Standing to meet him, the two exchanged friendly
handshakes and a quick pat on the back. Their seating shifted as room
was made for the newcomer to join them. 

For the minute it took to introduce everyone to him, and the obligatory
inquiries about work, the man seemed fine. However, upon questioning of
his life it quickly turned sour. Describing himself, while looking into
his beer, as a "class A Alcoholic", the tone of the party settled down
from fun to uncomfortable. Without feeling the shift, he continued on
with other aspects of his life that were vexing him. 

Brow furrowing, the friend who had invited him met eyes with each person
around the table. The ones closest to the newcomer were shifted in their
seats, making pained faces each time he looked away. Pleading with their
eyes to make the awkward conversation stop. Quaffing their drinks, a few
rose to escape to the bar: exchanging money for peace from discomfort.
Without noticing, the drunk leaned in closer to his friend, his words
stopping every third as he struggled to find the train of thought. 

Pained inside, but smiling on the outside, the friend tried his best to
hear him over the squeeling of a group of girls nearby, the laughter
of the frat brothers next to them, and the joyless barking of the old
men playing pool. Swaying to and fro the man pieced together the bits of
the things ailing him. The story growing little by little, slowly, as
the halted stutterings and occasional sentences were misplaced. The need
to vent and release himself grinding the mood of the group down.

For more than an hour this carried on, each member of the group taking
turns to sit and hear the intoxicated man out. Down on his luck, it was
sobering to most, and as the tattered fabric of fears, worries, and
anxiety came flowing out, the light continued to fade from his eyes.
Eventually each had paid their bills, and the original caller pushed
through the crowd one last time. Despite the destruction of the groups
laughter for a few periods, it felt wrong not to say goodbye to the
somber friend standing alone. 

The same handshake from the beginning, two slaps of the hands followed
by fists coming together. The two exchanged goodbyes, despite the effect
he had had on the group, they wished each other well. Their eyes meeting
and nodding in understanding, a pat on the back and the two seperated,
leaving the bar behind them. 
