She was shopping. Absent mindedly running her hand over the racks of
clothing; occasionally checking a size or a price tag; the girl's eyes
were hungry for something new. There wasn't any particular reason to
browse, nothing had caught her eye in the window. But her yearning had
only intensified as she wandered through the mall and passed shop after
shop.

In the pajama section, the soft cotton and fuzzily trimmed pants and
robes bounced under hand. Plush pillows lay across rickety and cheap
plastic shelves, their furry coatings smooth to her touch. The coziness
drew her in to stopping frequently to sit or feel a display bed. To the
store clerks she was one of those touch everything and buy nothing
customers; to herself, a kid in a candy store.

Her sweet tooth wasn't satisfied with just one department though. She continued
her winding path into the hanging gardens of underwear. Silk, lace, and
cotton arches hung from the racks. With a variety of colors and styles
to choose from, she began prodded each one as she passed by. Running her
hand along the straps she gauged her interest on wiring and shelving.
Only the most comfortable of each section slowed her step.

The matching sets behind her, the akimbo postured mannequins loomed
above. Their empty faces half covered by hats or missing entirely,
she ignored their mimicry of life and focused on their outfits. The lean
and tight jeans, the flares bells of retro chiq, each garment draped
perfectly across the plastic. Experience gave her the edge, noting the
styles which worked on her build she veered into those sections and
ignored the rest.

The pants and leggings didn't keep her attention long. She had the
basics in her closet already after all. But as she came to the edge of
the denim racks her eyes spotted her temptation. Dresses. Waking from
her ambling pace, she made a beeline straight to the wall. Delicately
hanging from the rods extending from the wall, each sleek garment was
seduction on touch.

Her hands ran their course over the fabric. Tracing the seams and
dancing across decorations, their last stop always the price tag. It's
small and neatly printed horror the only thing preventing her from
expanding her collection. Her typically frugal purse felt heavy the
longer she looked. Lip bitten, she anxiously paced between her
favorites. The blue A-line? The wine sweater dress? She lingered, hands
feeling the fabric on a grey asymmetrical   gown. It's silken material
flowing like water over her hands. The long cut out came up to her
mid-thigh, its risque appeal keeping her eyes dazed as she imagined
dancing and twirling in it.

Shaking her head, she smiled sadly and began moving towards the stores
exit. If she could feel the dispassionate and irritated stare from the
clerks she didn't show it; casually waving goodbye to them just so could
get a last glimpse of the dresses in the glass window. Her grand tour
done, she zipped up her coat and pulled on a ragged yarn hat. The next
race from the warmth inside to her next destination.
