The chill air wraps around him, attempting to pierce the bundled bunch
of clothes making its way down the street. Breath misting in front of
him: the glare of the sun heats the grey air and causes him to squint
up and down the street. Stepping off into the crosswalk, he makes his
way over the faded and scratched white lines of the world around him.
The mixture of snow, ice, and asphalt beneath him crunching slightly
between steps. 

It is calm. The occasional roar of a car screaming past him doesn't
phase the frigid clarity of thought he mulls. Over and over in his head,
the ideas and plans collapse, reform, and bubble up. Trying to determine
all angles of his thoughts, desperately determining what might occur in
thousands of situations. What might seem simple for some he agonizes
over. Fleeting feelings one way or the other, replaced by conflicting
opinions and thoughts. It is no simple task to think about something so
large. 

The cold helps. Cooling his head off even as it feels his brain is on
fire. The gears churning, their friction heating his thoughts and
burning out the different ideas before the less desirable ones can take
form. He doesn't search for the right answer, merely the right question.
A far harder task and one which, if done, will ease his thoughts down.
The method and strategy will come naturally once he has determined the
neccesary justification. Briefly musing about his life on trial, and
himself as the prosecutor, leading the witness along to appease whatever
his subconscious really wants or needs. 

His laughter cuts the veil of the morning silence. The imagery and
absurdity of his thoughts striking him as funny. It is a beautiful
world, he thinks to himself. Looking around at the industrialized
buildings around him. Mixed and matched with the old. There is no
getting away from the old all the time, he thinks, it just takes time to
break down the stones.  
