She closed the door behind her as she stepped outside and raised the
umbrella up against the drizzel. Sighing and buttoning her coat she
began walking through the mud and puddle soaked parking lot. Carefully
navigating the deeper potholes filling with the dirt road and rain, she
adjusted her shoulder strap once more and started ahead. 

Continuing to walk towards the crossroads, she fumed inwardly. Today, of
all days, had not been kind. Despite the promises of birthday fun and
pleasant conversation she had had none. Her friends unable to make the
journey to see her at the last minute, and family hundreds of miles
away. 

The day had begun like every other, waking early, getting ready for
work, rushing out the door to get into the office for meetings.
Hitting her head on the desk by her bed hadn't even bothered her today,
the original plans for her party had squashed unhappiness with ease. But
it wasn't so anymore. The friends who had promised to come visit had
bailed; citing everything from doctors appointments to unexpected family
visits. She knew that some excuses were legitimate, others, more than
half, felt more like cop-outs than anything else. 

Pulling the umbrella closed, she walked up her staircase and jingled her
keys. What she had just done only served to increase her depression. It
was only last week that the sound of her keys in the lock would prompt
an ecstatic ball of fur to leap against the door. Silence opened the
door for her instead. The echos of a cars wheels echoing in her mind.

Placing her bag onto the table she slammed the door shut. Pulling her
boots off and moaned unhappily at the mud now on her fingers, she sighed
once more. "How could this day get worse?", hearing no reply from her
empty home she asked again, then began interogating the room, asking
about each friend, working herself up higher and higher until finally:
she collapse on the couch and began to cry.

Unable to think straight, she curled into the couch. Pulling the pillow
underneath her face and dampening it with her emotions. The feeling of
her still muddy fingers irritating her face even as she tried to wipe
away the pain. It was her birthday, the one day of the year where things
were supposed to go her way. The day where she could look forward to the
inevitable glass of wine payed for by a friend, or the tiramasu
cheesecake from the bakery down the street. 

There was nothing this year. No wine in the fridge. No cake from a
friend. Come to think of it, she realized there was hardly any food in
the kitchen. The planned trip to the grocery had been ignored since the
more exciting birthday outings promised to keep her fed and happy for an
extra day. She moaned again, sobbed slightly, and sat up on her couch. 

Sniffling, she grabbed the mud and tear covered pillow and hucked it
into the laundry bin. Stopping in the bathroom to wash her hands, she
noticed how ragged she appeared. 5 minutes later, her face was washed
and her hair pulled up into a bun. Noting the redness of her eyes she
pulled out makeup and began fixing herself up. 

Satisfied she no longer looked berift, her next goal became food. And
company, if her friends wouldn't come to her, then she'd try to make new
ones. Or at least pretend to have some. Slipping out of her work clothes
and into a simple leggings and sweater combination, she walked out the
door contemplating which club or bar to go to. While doubting she'd
find any comfort dancing alone, the idea of having a meal and talking
with an interesting stranger appealed. Maybe she'd even get a free drink
if her birthday came up. 

Taking the rain stopping as a good sign, she walked through the puddles
into the downtown area and made her way to a pub. She was still upset,
but no burger could judge her and she intended to have some type of
birthday celebration. Ordering a cider alongside her meal, she quickly
eased up a little from her stress. The bartender, bearded and tall was
easy to talk to when he wasn't servicing other customers. Her birthday
drink cool in hand and hot with alcohol reminded her. 

One piece of cake later and two more drinks, and she had forgotten why
she had been so upset leaving work in the first place. The bartender
seemed to become the most fascinating individual in the world, and she
lost herself laughing at his jokes and impressed by each story he
regaled her with. 

Her phone rang. 

Excusing herself, she answered the call and happily greeted her friend.
Excitedly telling her to come join her at the bar and getting more giddy
when the friend agreed. The world was her oyster she thought, though she
had never had oysters, she mused sleepily about them as her eyes fell
into her glass. 

Startling awake, she sleepily waved at her friend putting a mug of hot
cocoa on the table. Stretching and blinking away the fuzziness in her
vision, she asked what had happened. Bit by bit, she learned about how she
had fallen asleep on top of a piece of cake and the bartender didn't
know what to do. Luckily arriving not too soon after, her tab was paid
by her friend and she had gone on and on about hot cocoa for a half hour
before falling asleep on the couch. 

Laughing, the two friends talked about past bar adventures for hours 
before falling asleep watching a movie. The long weekend ahead of them
filled with after-birthday plans, events, and other thoughts on making
the bad day turn into an amazing weekend. 



