She stood in her living room. Carpet underfoot a little rough against
her feet, but warm. The lightweight shorts hanging off her providing the
most minimal cover they could while remaining decent. Humidity and
moisture in the air already dampening her skin. 

Months ago she had stopped her practice. The results of her time spent 
now lost. Each day thoughts of starting again had popped up, but fell 
short of action. Nighttime routines had shifted from exercise and
well-being, too tired and drawn out attempts to stay awake. 

Stretching downward into a lunge her legs shook a little. She dropped both hands
to the ground and pushed upward through her shoulders, she steadied
herself. Body rising slowly and sinking into the hips, a bead of sweat
following her movements as she continued. Trembling slightly, she
shifted her stance wider before twisting into her next position.
Spiraling her arms, she touched the tips of her fingers to the grounds
before raising one hand to the sky. 

Allowing her gaze to follow the line of her arm, she looked past her
fingertips and at the ceiling. Her balance swaying slightly as she
breathed. In. Out. Her ribs expanding and pulling stomach muscles taught
as she continued breathing. Slowly bringing her hands back onto the
floor, she shifted her lunge to the other side before doing the same
routine. Muscles easing into the twists and stretching out her body, she
smiled. 

It felt good to feel like this again. Her sides relaxing as she laid
down and drew her body into an arrow. Legs pointed away from the rest of
her body, she flexed her abdominals and lifted slightly. Holding her
position and breathing, she could hear her heart pound inside her chest.
The sweat now dripping from her body, she shook a little before dropping
down onto the floor once more. Relaxed, she closed her eyes and felt the
carpet against her skin. Somewhat sore, she snuggled against the fabric
and smiled. It was good to start again. 
