The heavy footfalls dully thudded up the steps. Setting aside the bag of
groceries, now perched precariously on the porch's lip, the man fished
into his pockets for keys. One eye on the leaning bag, he struggled with
the door for a moment; its aged wood swollen against the white frame
around it.

Shuffling inside he kicked off his shoes and closed the door with one
leg. Going through the mechanical motions of putting away the groceries
as the inner machinations of mind slowly grinded at what to do next. It
felt like today had so many possibilies, yet when he thought of them all
it felt overwhelming. Like each hour could be filled to the brim with
excitement or enjoyment. Yet when the foodstuffs were packed away he
sat down on his couch and stretched. 

Lazily watching the dust swirl in the beams of sunlight streaming
through the open window, he wondered what to do. Wondering if reaching
out and contacting a friend might force his hand. Force him into
actually following through on one of the many cockeyed ideas drifting
through his head. 

Perhaps a stroll? Too cold out. Perhaps a movie? Nothing at the theatre 
struck a chord. Perhaps an outing to a restaurant? No, too expensive. 
Watch silly videos online? Too counter-productive. Watch a documentary?
Nothing of interest or too depressing. 

With each idea that passed, so too did his enthusiasm. The angle of light
on the wall slowly shifted downwards, the soft waltz of music
accompanying its march. There wasn't much to be said for the day as it
passed by, except that it was one of many wasted moments. One too many
times spent drifting along with no direction. The mast of his ship
broken and torn, stuck out at sea without any flares to send -- or
patrols to see them. 


