The cold hits him in the face. A wintery whistle in his ears to wake him
from his tipsy state. Hunching his shoulders against the wind and
burying his face into his collar, he walks down the street towards the
marquee of the theatre. 

Checking his watch, the time cheerfully informs that he is late. Picking
up his pace, he soon arrives in front of the double doors and rushes in,
looking for the will call sign. The hallway is empty besides a few
ushers and quickly he is brought into the auditorium and placed on a
bench in the back; waiting for the piece to be over before taking his
seat. 

After shuffling between the tight space between the couples and the
chairs in front of him, the peace of the room comes over him like a
wave. The strings of the violin concerto filling the air and drawing him
away from his troubles. _The world is much simpler when painted through
music_ he thinks. Sitting and listening, the plucking of the cello's
deep strings is pierced by the soloist beginning her dance. 

The fingers of her hand a blur as she runs the neck of her instrument up
and down, her entire body lurching into the sailing winds of her aria.
The man watches her dress, black and a deep blue, feather around her in
time with the beat. Like a swaying pulse, her body and violin beats as
if she were the heart of the orchestra around her. The conductors baton
commanding each beat, directing the downbeats and showing his mastery as
the brains of the symphony. 

Together they are a unit. While the soloist strikes the melody and
remains focal, the ochestra lifts and allows her to stand, allowing the
harmonies and counter melody to rise from the ashes left behind her
burning finesse. Absorbing all this is the man in the chair.
Interpretting the melodies of the music in front of him. His heart
strings pulled by the echos of a b minor. While the man and woman to his
right and left stare steadily, seeming to examine the efficacy of the
performance, he is lost within. 

A maelstrom of emotion is playing out in his mind and the tears are
rolling down his face. Despite the public space, there is no shame; he
is beyond that now. His hands clench and unclench as his mind wrestles
itself. Combing the tangled fabrics of his reality over and over,
smoothing the feelings whirling inside. Though chaotic, and jumping, his
mind pulling itself between past, present, and what could be is weaving
a thread. Left, right, in, out, this string is drawn between the man's
heart. Broken pieces pulled together again, loosened, then tightened.
The music influencing and dragging his mind along between memories. 

Caught in the stream of consciousness, he drifts along, keeping his head
afloat only by accepting and acknowledging each muse. Former lovers
flicker through his mind, some staying longer than others, he dwells on
one yet the music changes pace and she is gone. Replaced now with an
echo, the soloist's part fading away as the entire orchestra carries on.
Their rythm never ceasing and marching on as time. A fragmented counter
melody begins building, his thoughts turning inward and introspective.

Life, future, and purpose. All this explodes as the violin rushes into a
run up the staff, and the orchestra swells upward. Their pivotal
dissonance in match with the conflict within the man's heart. More tears
are flowing down his cheeks, and his vision is blurred, the lights
hovering over the musicians blending together even as the melody
harmonizes once more. And his thoughts drift again towards his loved
ones. A noble tone bellows from the brass and heralds a change in
thought again, his mind is swept along at the music's whim. 





