It was an age of enlightenment. The nations were busy with progress! So
much hope for the future, there were issues sure, but many problems
could be solved. Science was the new religion, and the world felt better
for it. With each passing year new inventions were created, new
resources discovered, and more and more knowledge uncovered. It was a
time of prosperity and many felt it would never end. 

Over time, the population, for the majority, fell into two camps. Those
who embraced the new religion and those who did not. The politics of the
day always centered around two parties: the alarmists, and the
technologists. True to their names, the alarmist were quick to point out
the issues with how the technologists continued to harvest resources,
how the world was finite and they offered words of caution. While many
technologists sympathized with them, and understood the world was
finite. Brilliant researchers kept discovering new resources, new
methods, and new ways to consume. 

Heated debates often occured between leaders of both parties, each time
the alarmists pointed to a resource becoming scarce, it seemed the
technologists had an answer to meet it. As this trend continued, less
and less heed was given to the alarmists, until one could hardly find
any people voicing these concerns anymore. Those who still saw the
danger of unchecked ever-forward "progress" began teaching _outdated_
behaviors. Such as farming, hunting, and coping with nature (the
Technologists, after a brilliant swaft of genius had finally bent most
of nature to their will, albeit doing so consumed immense resources and
was normally only done to avoid large natural disasters). 

The age of technology lasted for decades, the scientific progress
giving faith to man in themselves and not to their old gods. The word
_outdated_ became the most popular insult. To not live on the bleeding
edge was to not live at all. Students were taught to always be curious,
to always push boundaries, to do first and study the results. To forego
predictions for many experiments and simply to discover. 

However, this could not last. As the alarmists had warned, there came a
time when a new resource was required, and one was not immediately
synthesized or found. The planet was scoured for something new, gorged
and dug for minerals, the search was on. However, the tree had no more
fruit to give. The raw earth itself became fuel, converting and causing
duress to the very fabric of the planet. Even still, the technologists
didn't stop. Their way of life was the only way to live for them. The
few alarmists left began voicing themselves again. Calling for an end to
what they began referring to as "The Shattering" of the planet's
resources. 

A disaster occured, the technologists methods of avoiding predictions
for results backfired and the capital of science was destroyed. Other
cities continued burning the planet, synthesizing the raw material into
fuel for their machines that dug deeper and deeper looking for
resources. Cracks the size of countries scarred the planets crust. After
more self-destruction occured, the elders and leaders of the two
parties met. 

Begrudgingly admitting to their folly, the technologists turned their
remaining resources towards aiding the alarmists efforts. They assisted
in creating safer communities, seeking out the most rich land for new
sustainable cities. They used the last of their resources terraforming
the earth into habitable zones for the people who had survived The
Shattering and destruction of the largest of the Technologist's cities. 

The age of science was over, and so began the simple times. Of living
day to day. Machines and great computers still existed, however their
use was seldom. The few machines left were great monitors, using deep
analysis of the planet's internals and weather to predict natural
disasters, they drew on the planet core's heat itself to function. All
seemed well, though the many luxuries of scientific life had all but
disappeared, the people lived. 

However, the damage had been done. And the machines signalled their last
alarm, a massive earthquake along one of the many scars of the planet.
The prediction models all came to a single conclusion. The planet would
crack. The faultline was too close to one of the oceans, the deep mines
that provided power to the machines creating the prediction themselves
were too close as well. The earthquake would drain the oceans to the
planet core, the steam and mist released would overpower the atmosphere
and block the sun. Crops would die from overhydration or from the earth
slipping into itself. The loss of the ocean would unbalance the very
planet itself and the tilt would shift: seasons would become extreme or
worse, lost.  

The only way to stop it were ancient machines, machines that had been
turned off and could no longer function. The resources that had once
powered them all drained by the decades of progress and unchecked
bounty. Most of the alarmist people had no clue what would happen. To
them only a great mist, a rumbling, and silence would be their alarm.
The elders and technologists left surveyed the data with great remorse;
for they knew that if they had but heeded the advice of their fellows,
if they had worked together to moderate themselves as well as continue
to make progress, perhaps, this would not have happened. 

And the planet was dead. 

