Quiet. The room was void of movement, sound, and joy. Gray cement floors
and dull faded sheetrock held no decoration or presence, the only vivid
color was the black of the one way mirror and the hard green plastic on
the chair facing the detained.

The door to the room creaked as it opened, and a man in a blue business
suit stepped inside. A manilla folder was his only tool, the guard
outside having frisked him twice before opening the room. The analyst
sat down and slid his chair in. It's terrible grating noise on the
cement causing the prisoner across from him to slowly look up.

Their eyes met. Blue eyes regarded the green. The nonchalance of that
gaze gave pause to the newcomer, he had expected hostility yet there was
none. He blinked, cocked his mouth to one side to suck his cheek in, and
flipped open the folder.

"Eliza Ada Hopper", he read from the sheet. "Responsible for the death
of 5 co-workers, including your supervisor and… her dog. Also
accountable for $6000 in property damages, possibly more for
psychological trauma and damages to the families." He read through
another paragraph, "well, the families that survived your continued…
adventure." He looked up at the passive face. Flicked the next page
back and continued reading. "Responsible for 9 additional deaths of the
afore mentioned individual's family members and friends of—including
multiple children and an infant. Ms. Hopper, do you have anything to
say?"

The woman across the table blinked slowly, shifted her legs, and raised
an eyebrow. "About?"

"The results of your actions, of which I have just listed."

"Not really, those were the results, as you say."

The analyst thumbed the page and was quiet for a moment. "It says you
were quite peaceful when you turned yourself in. No attempts to flee, no
resistance at all. Do you want to tell me why?"

"I had done what I needed to do. I was at peace"

"After murdering over a dozen people, you were at peace?" He stared
quizzically at her.

"Wouldn't you be?"

"I don't believe I would, someone who does such things seems, to
me, someone who is disturbed."

"Do you mean insane?"

"I most certainly wouldn't categorize your behavior as sane."

Eliza's face changed. A bewildered look taking form as she leaned
towards her interrogator and moved her hands apart, as much as the
handcuffs let allowed. Palms up, she tilted her head.

"I don't understand."

"How long did you work with your co-workers?"

"Over a year for each, more than 4 for my boss"

"And you got along with these men and women?"

"Oh yes, I knew their families, attended birthdays, and enjoyed their
company immensely." She replied happily, smiling as she listed off
events attended.

A little unnerved by the smile on her face, the man cleared his throat
and held up a hand to stop her. "You sound like you thought of them as
friends."

"Of course. What else could they be but my friends?" Eliza cocked her
head to the side, "what does this have
to do with sanity?"

"Eliza… May I call you Eliza?" He waited for her nod, "most people do
not murder their friends"

"I don't understand. Do friends not want their friends to be happy? To
be entertained?"

The interviewer leaned forward, feeling that a breakthrough was about to
occur, "entertained? You killed these people for your entertainment?"

"No. For theirs."

He leaned back, taking a pause to feel the recorder in his pocket and
ensure it was on. "Do you mind telling me about that?"

"About what entertained them?" Eliza shrugged at his nod, "the same
things that entertain most people. Everyday they'd go home and watch
their televisions. Watch the news."

"They watched the news for entertainment? Did they tell you that?"

"It's all they ever talked about. So and so died, there was a car crash
on the interstate, a murder happened at some house. When it wasn't the
news it was watching shows with similar situations." Eliza shifted in
her seat, "all if them were enthralled by it, they loved the violence.
When there wasn't something happening they were glum. So I fixed that."

She had spoken so matter of factly about it. As if the only conclusion
from the habits of her friends was to bring the news to their doorsteps.
The analyst studied Eliza's face for a moment before pressing, "so you
brought the news to them."

"Naturally, it was what any good friend would do."

"And that none of their other friends had ever considered this…
service of yours did not make you wonder if it was wrong?"

"Not everyone can be a best friend"
The man leaned back in the table, gauging the woman in front of him.
Deciding if she was just blunt or trying to antagonize him. His pause
seemed to affect her, and she turned her head slightly away before
continuing.

"I am sane. I killed those people. I know these are facts, and I've
admitted them. Why are you asking such tiresome questions?"

"Because the state has tasked me with determining who's responsible for
your actions. Situations like this happen, and blame must be placed
somewhere and investigations filed. The temporary insanity plead—which
you've refused to take—is your best course of avoiding death row. Only
an insane person would refuse an option to live."

"Who's responsible for my actions?", Eliza turned her entire body
towards him, eyes glaring for the first time since he had entered the
room. "I refuse your handout because I am not insane, and I am not a
liar" she exhaled, her mouth set in an indignant line. "Who's
responsible for my actions? I am. This was my choice, my decision, it
was the only option." her upper lip curled in disgust, "your _state_, is
asking the wrong questions"

Feeling he was getting somewhere having provoked more emotion from her,
he leaned in and returned her stare. "Then what, is the right question?"

"Who's responsible for me"
