It was Autumn. Swathes of gold, brown, and red shrouded the soft hills
of the countryside. In a small fenced in yard, the leaves lay bundled
and pressed against the fence posts. Flowers, scattered across the
ground, peered above the morning dew. Their petals blanketed in yellow
beams of light glistening in the mist.

A one floor shack stooped next to the yard, it's open doors and windows
hushed in the shade of dawn. The cottage was old, but well maintained.
It's pale brown wood glistening and contrasting against the bold figure
standing outside of it.

A bright red and green skirt swayed inches above the grass. Bare feet
and toes curling and feeling the moist dark earth. The easels off-white
paper matched the cream coloured blouse shimmering as the woman bobbed
back and forth, chewing on the edge of a brushes handle.

Her eyes amber in the sunlight, she surveyed the view in front of her.
Large blue mountains reaching for the soft cotton floating above, the
forest and hills stretching for miles in front of the edge of her home.
It wasn't long before the broad strokes of her brush began invoking the
beauty of the scene.

Pulling the handle from her mouth, she dipped into her paint and began
to fill the parchment. Starting with a dusted sky she streaked across
the page layering the world in blue. With a few more strokes, this time
in yellow, she drew in the glow of the Sun and a few rays of light.
Smiling she fished into a bowl besides her and took out a pinch of
sugar; then blew it onto the page. The small diamonds lighting the
heavens with stars.

Next she dove into her royal colours, their purple skyrocketing upward
from the base of her art, curtailing into peaks and vivid mountains.
Hiding the majority of the light behind their formidable cliffs.
Entranced, she layered whistles of white in their edges and outlined the
sunlight flowing from behind.

The sunrise in front of her began nestling the grass in front of the
home, and she switched to green brushstrokes. Rolling the tip in circles
across the bottom, her hills unfolding in swirls as the portrait of a
morning slowly revealed itself on the canvas. Selecting a darker green
she began her work on the underbrush and forestry. Sprouting and coming
into the edges of the frame, each tree reached out toward the glow of
her soft white Sun.

Smiling to herself, she took a breath and stepped back. Her fingers and
hands spattered with creativity and her tongue caught at the corner of
her mouth, she cocked her head. Searching the image and it's real life
counterpart beyond, she rocked back and forth on her toes. A few careful
strokes and minor touches and she leaned back once more, satisfied.
