I don't know how long it's been like this. My Nurturer group said that
it's been a long time since anyone elected to take the history track. It
even took a few days to bring in someone to educate me, on account of
them having to be flown in from another community. But once they arrived
I started learning right away—I've learned so much already. 

The first thing he told me, his green eyes seemingly on fire as he
talked and scribbled on the teaching pad furiously, was that The Cradle
hadn't always existed. When I probed for more, he also told me that 
there weren't always Nurturers either. I was in shock. How could society
even function without them? Who would raise the children? Teach them?
Educate them in the disciplines they showed interest in? I had so many
questions all at once. He had smiled.

The more he told me of the past, the larger my curiousity grew—and my
confusion. Perhaps it isn't right to compare now to back then, it was so
long ago after all. The people sound so barbaric. Instead of the
education system we have now (where you learn with a core group of
educators until you finish your educational track) everyone was
put into _the same rooms_! With a single teacher who taught many
subjects! It sounds so absurd. No wonder the wars of that time were so
frequent and the people so unhappy, how could anyone learn at all like
that? 

The strangest thing was how it ended, when they became age 18 they were
"graduated" and put into labor houses! I guess not always, Historian
tells me that some went on to what they called "higher education", but
that it was still less successful then our current system. Compared to
the Cradle, where you are educated and taught until you are a master, no
mater how long it takes, it sounds amazing they produced enough
Thinkers to arrive at the present day! 

But it wasn't just the schooling systems he talked about. In fact, can
you believe that Nurturers didn't exist? People actually stayed with
their biological ancestors! Living together in "Family Units" and worst
of all, using their parents money, class, and fame! Can you believe
that? We haven't gone into the history behind how we got to our current
society, but I'm so excited to find out. 

Instead of a group of Nurturers trained to provide care, encouragement,
discipline, and support, children were expected to get all their needs
filled by two working class "parents". It seems like everything about
the past was grossly inefficient and poorly designed. They had a tax
system similar to ours, but instead of social welfare and education
programs like the Cradle being entirely funded by it, it was spread
thinly across thousands of projects. Their notion of "tax brackets" were
so far behind as well! Instead of each industry providing support to
their appropriate learning centers and utilities, it was merely based on
income and wealth. It's no wonder the comparison rates by statisticians
between happiness now vs then are so drastically different! 

Perhaps the only remnants of that time left is the prospects of
graduation. Now, when you leave your Cradle to join your industry or
selected profession, you have the option of meeting your ancestors and
deciding if you would like to live and work in the same city as them. So
there are still some bonds, but most people don't bother. Since
offspring are removed to cradles as soon as they're born, neither party
has any interest in meeting the other besides curiousity. 

A few of the other Learners who are studying to be Thinkers told me about
the debates that go on about the morals of the practice. Apparently they
last for hours, sometimes days between highly accomplished masters of
the craft. I think it's only a thought experiment for them though;
after all, if it wasn't for the Cradle and the system, they wouldn't be
able to debate for days on end! From the few weeks I've spent learning
under the Historian, I've learned so much, and already have a new
appreciation for the Cradle and what goes on here. I hope one day to
bring this elated feeling to another! 

