Siting on the desk, the light streaming through the window, the dust
slowly whirls through the air. Each particle lazily making its own way
through the columns of shine. Settling on the keys of the old typewriter
one by one, the passage of time is marked by the feathers of dust.  

A clock in the background slowly ticks: the gears creaking against
another and marching onward towards the next chime. A crack along the
long brown oak sides grows slightly larger with each year, the weight of
the ages pushing down and out from the heavy decorum mounted on top. No
mouse runs along the sides, nor up and down the cabinet. Only the
ticking breaks the silence on calm days, occasionally joined by the
lullaby of the wind during the fall. 

The paper left lying on the desk bears the markings of its former owner.
The half finished scrawl of idea, and the half finished novels hanging
from the typewriter. Its platen and feed roller notched and worn by the
many pages consumed throughout the year. The emblazoned decal of a
family crest proudly stands out from the dust around it. The silver
outline and gold insets gaudy to a different age, yet noble for the
makers. 

Within the rollers the last half of a letter unwritten. The words picked
carefully, a small tale from a large and unrecounted life. For years
left alone and unread, the author's departure the faintest of memory to
the greying ink. The paper yellowed over time and damp from the chill
blown through the ajar window nearby, the faint scent of lilacs
sweetening the otherwise musty note. 

Unfinished words a mystery, the rest of the house is quiet. The other
rooms, unlike the old study, are in disrepair. Holes in the walls and
shrubbery climbing through them, nature slowly reclaims the halls once
raised by the community. The dust on the shelves, coating the cursive
texts and great works of their times, cares little for what meaning lies
underneath each binding. 

Yet here they remain, perhaps the only thing left betraying a human
presence. The hurries of one day, the boredom of another, and the
experience of a single period in life written out for another. Picked up
by another, the signs and figures on the page may mean everything, or be
a puzzling adjective of a history long past. 
