Unpacking his bags onto the table, the worker tried not to disturb the
two managers chatting. Amidst the clicking of cables and whirls of
computers coming on he could overhear their conversation. The two were
friends, discussing the woman's current _situation_, boyfriend trouble
from the sounds of it, he'd heard about it before when she casually
mentioned the significant other as a waste of space. 

She carried on, mentioning how she was going to just be friends with
him, and that she had assigned him some simple tasks while she was gone.
Bringing in firewood, cleaning, draining humidifiers and general
housework. On a question about cleaning from the other manager, she
mentioned her hiring of a maid for three hours every other week to clean
her home. 

_None of my business_, thought the worker as he finished setting up his
computers and opened up his work log. Yet he couldn't help but listen as
the manager continued. He frowned. It's **none** of my business, he
thought again as he heard the tone of arrogance and superiority filling
the air. He wondered why or what the man had done that deserved this
woman's complete lack of respect; after all, she was dating the guy for
a reason, or at least had at some point, right? 

His headphones slipping over his ears so he didn't have to listen
anymore, he tapped away on the terminal and thought about it. Wondering
what the situation could be like, what reasons are there for one person
to think they're above or below another? What happens within the course
of a relationship for things to so sour, for the respect of another's
being to be completely dropped? Introspectively, he wondered if he was
doing the same thing by musing about the two manager's conversation. 



