The cashier smiles and hands him the receipt. More money spent. Walking
away from the store he checks the paper bag's contents. Two frozen
pizzas, pirogis, chicken, knock off store brand hotdogs, milk,
chocolate, and a donation to the local food shelf. Squinting his eyes 
against the bright light from outside he began walking home. 

It wasn't a long walk: 10 or so minutes at most. But it felt like
forever, clutching the bag to his chest, thoughts flustered, he stared
at the ground as he walked past groups of people clustered on the street
corners. It was a gorgeous day out, and there were plenty of people
ready to enjoy it, smiling, laughing, all pleased as punch to be alive.  

The fierce wind blowing across the lake whipped his unkempt hair across
his face. Lashing one of his eyes repeatedly and forcing him to close it
whenever a gust picked up. Sighing, he kept thinking. This impentrable
feeling of sadness awash over him. With no reason known to him, he
couldn't figure out why he felt this way. Was it lack of endorphines
recently? The chocolate he had bought should assist. Was it human
contact and interaction? No, just yesterday he had shared a drink with a
boss and coworker, and the night before engaged in a team trivia night.
Lost in thought he kept thinking. 

Navigating the narrow one way side streets and thining crowds, the
residence called "home" loomed before him. Readjusting the bag, now
softening from the dampness of the frozen items at the edges, he climbed
the stairs. Fumbling the key a few times, he opened his door and walked
in. Noting his flatmate's shoes still strewn casually across the
doormat, he sighed and pulled off his own before putting away his
groceries. Satisfied with the amount of effort expended to go to the
store, he heard his bedroom calling him. Without hesitation he walked in
and fell onto his bed. Closing his eyes and pulling the covers over once
more.  
