Everything was smoke. From the ash collecting on the end of his
cigarette to the clouds in the sky. Grey air and a chill drizzle fell
around him as he walked; buildings, both old and new, drew his gaze as he
slowly wandered up the street. Avoiding the puddles filling in the gaps
between the cracked slabs of concrete, he squinted as the fire in front
of him flaired while he inhaled. 

The shiver that went through his body, unrelated to the wet weather, was
soon followed by the light-headed rush of nicotine. Uncaring of the
world around him for a moment, he sighed and smiled. It had been a long
time since he had last done this, and an even longer time since he had
felt that he _needed_ it. 

As he drew another minty breath, his eyes roved the surroundings. Each
splash of color from a plant daring to reach out from the concrete shell
held his attention briefly. The hissing of passing cars mixing with the
white noise and pittering of rain against the asphalt perked up his
ears. And Yellowed haze blurred the white picket fence as his breath 
escaped in front of him and lingered underneath his unbrella, its odor
reminding him that it was wise that he not indulge too often. 

Walking down the street, he passed a hunched-over woman taking shelter
in a brick archway. Her dirt lined hands fidgeted in her woolen coat's
pockets and her eyes darted between the small cardboard box she fingered
and the man's cigarette. He walked closer, taking a drag and smiling at
his elder. 

"D'ya 'ave a book o' matc'es?" 

Her accent was so thick that if he hadn't already known what she likely
wanted he would have had to ask to repeat herself. Withdrawing his
lighter, he held it out to her as she thumbed at the lid of her own pack
of cigarettes. The slender white tube she withdrew appeared too long for
her fingers, despite their swollen look, the filter's orange head poked
between the bony knuckles nearly two-thirds of the way. After a moment
more of fumbling and cursing against the wind, the stick was lit and she
handed the teal tube back to the man. 

They parted ways then, and his mind wandered further than what his eyes
could see. Drifting along the clouds of his own making, he felt lighter
than he had in weeks. Contemplative and curious, he thought of the
problems he was dealing with. Little things, big things, he didn't dwell
on it as he normally did. Treating each issue as a stone or puddle to be
jumped over, he made his way up the street and continued sorting his
thoughts out. 
