### A Book Review - Ecotopia

After writing a [small thought about civilization down] my friend gave me
a recommendation to pick up the book Ecotopia. Counter to 1984, this
book is supposed to be utopian novel, so I was interested in reading it.
Since -topian novels always seem to spark interesting thoughts or ideas,
I decided that I'd write this post down as I read it. 

After reading around 75 pages or so I could hardly contain myself
anymore. The main character of this story, Weston, is an asshole. 

Weston is an emotionally crippled American journalist who can't fathom
the notion of an independent woman. From reading, my guess's is that
Ecotopia and America split from each other around the 70's or 80's.
The leaders of the ecotopian party were women, or as Weston refers to
them: _"Those damned women"_. He's nationalistic, curious, prideful, and
completely inept at relationships. 

My first taste of not liking the character was on pg 10: 

<blockqoute>
"And their manners are even more unsettling. On the streeets there are
electrical moments when woman stare me directory in the eyes"
</blockqoute>

Which immediately made me think of [Norah Vincent's commentary on eye
contact]. Where she describes holding the gaze to be a show of dominance
and looking away to be submissive. While reading it turned me off from
his character that he seemed... offended by the notion that a woman
might hold his gaze. His continued commentary on wanting to have sex and
being confused by his flirting not working on Ecotopian women was
cringe-worthy. Even when he has relations with Marissa, a lumberjack,
the polygamous nature of Ecotopian society rends him with jealously and
anger since she doesn't belond solely to him. Considering his loose
relationship with Francine back in America, it seems hypocritical of him
to get so worked up about events such as Marissa's lover in the lumber
camp and the warrior after watching the Ritual War Games. 

Another stereotype of American's is shown, the lack of ability to stay
still, the need to have business, and the way that Weston reacts to
silence:

<blockqoute>
"The drabness of the countryside was increased by its evident isolation.
The roads were narrow and winding, with trees dangerously close to the
pavement. No traffic at all seemed to be moving on them. There wasn't a
billboard in sight, and not a gas station or telephone booth. It would
not be reassuring to be caught in such a region after dark.
</blockqoute>

The Ecotopians he meet often laugh at his detachment to where his food
comes from. When he views a hunting party bring back a deer, he is
aghast and startled when one of the hunters smeers blood on his cheek
and laughs. His repulsion to this, and many other instances of 'getting
closer to nature' adequately displays the way that many people treat
their packaged food. I forget which show I saw recently, but there was
someone asking for meat, and when shown a butcher's shop, was completely
disturbed that it wasn't the usual supermarket variety that they were
accustomed to. 

With 19 years between the time of the seccession of Ecotopia from
America, a lot has changed. Cars are abolished, favoring bicycles and
magnetic trains for inter-urban travel. The distributed cities are small
tribes of communes working together and living in relative peace. Each
citizen doing their part (within a maximum 20 hour enforced work week)
to work, in Ecotopian fashion (read leisurely), to pull their weight.
Despite the decentralized nature of the villages, they are all connected
via TV stations that display completely transparent government councils
which Ecotopians can call into to ask questions for. A utopia indeed. 

For different parts of government there are ministries, the first that
Weston visits being the Ministry of Food. Which, unlikely as is, ends up
with him learning more about waste and sewage than it does actual
agriculture. The notions of balance and stable state are introduced at
this point into the book. Which are further elaborated on during his
talks and his meeting with the lumberjacks in charge of cutting lumber
down. Literal tree huggers make up some of these lumberjacks. And Weston
scoffs at their near 'spiritual' connection to the trees. All the while
begrudingly admitting that the system does in fact seem to be producing
results. 

And this is a common theme for Weston's internal monologues. He begins
with his hard-headed American forthrightness that the savagery practiced
by the Ethiopians is absurd. Then slowly conceeds some points to them
when shown the related statistics, which, according to the Ecotopians,
take **all** the costs into place, not just ones pertaining to the
industry which is being developed in some way. 

While not explicitely stated, the concept of _for the greater good_ is
heavily felt throughout the speech and thoughts of the Ecotopian
citizens. To a near religious degree, each of them contends that
_de-evolving_ their society to one closer in line to that of the Native
American Indians is the path to sustained life for humanity. Balancing
nature and humanity, with humanity as the care takers of the environment
the ultimate goal in order for all to exist within their stable state.
And this doctrine is pushed intot hem from the basemost level. Their
education system teachs skills for survival as well as types and
differences in flora and fauna. To the point that Weston states that 6
year olds cite off most of the indigenous plants and their uses with
ease. Weston is left looking like the uneducated American that he is
when asked what his favorite tree is, and his response is: "Christmas
Tree". 

In addition to the greater good and the education system, the scientific
community is comprised of study groups and "optimistic estimations" to
account for the various factors in each product that hits the market. If
a product does not meet the expected standards for health and
consumption, heavy social stigma towards the product via the Televisions
scattered throughout towns makes the raw market forces hammer the
producer. Resulting in the discontinuation of the product or delegation
to specialty stores if one needs it. In fact, according to the reports
given to Weston by the Assistant Minister of Food, the soda producers,
not the consumers, are responsible for degradation of health and dental
issues that plagued Ecotopian areas before the seccession. 

This blame placed upon the System, rather than those who consume it,
feels prevalent throughout the book. It seems ironic that this is the
case considering the preaching of change at the individual and human
level to rebalance nature. 

This blame also feels transmitted into penalties and anger at America.
It isn't until Weston learns about the importing and exporting of goods 
within Ecotopia that he realizes that America has been cut off. Ecotopia 
imports from Japan as well as European countries, however they have closed 
borders and trade with America until Weston is allowed to come over. While 
reading, I couldn't help but think that the author has a large distate for 
American society as is and would rather be rid of it. While upholding 
Ecotopia as a utopia, he simultaneously scorns his imagined pollution 
torn America as a champion of the overworked and corrupt -- which 
produces citizens who seem distraught and barbaric to the _more natural_ 
society of Ecotopia. 

Perhaps what is confusing the most to Weston is the dependence on the
community that has become the base of all Ecotopian life. While his
America consists of the family unit, privacy, and independence from one
another, Ecotopia consists of the tribal commune, transparency in all
relationships (including sexual), and dependence on each other and
transparently, to the system in which they live in and attempt to
balance. 




[Norah Vincent's commentary on eye contact]:/writing/political/self-made-man
